Documentation update (#193)
jupyter-server/jupyverse: README.md

With `pip`:
```bash
pip install "jupyverse[jupyterlab]"  # for the JupyterLab front-end
# or
pip install "jupyverse[retrolab]"  # for the RetroLab front-end
```

> With `conda` (using the `conda-forge` channel) (try `conda install -n base conda-libmamba-solver` to use the fast mamba solver):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `mamba`:
```

```bash

> conda install --experimental-solver=libmamba jupyverse fps-jupyterlab  # for the JupyterLab front-end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mamba install -c conda-forge jupyverse fps-jupyterlab  # for the JupyterLab front-end
```

# or

> conda install --experimental-solver=libmamba jupyverse fps-retrolab  # for the RetroLab front-end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mamba install -c conda-forge jupyverse fps-retrolab  # for the RetroLab front-end
```
